That is, the file uploaded by My Player is applied or
Now I want to make sure that those who make up my game work best with my game.
I'll tell you how.
Once you have entered the options, go to the game settings slider here n
There's a slide.
Now, if you change this, the right side of this change will of course change in the cheat engine
It is.
Conversely , if you change a lot of English into English when you switch from the JT engine
You both have to check if it applies to the Yogi game .
I applied it to the game by changing it here .
It's made're created on the screen. Oh well, or
I have not uploaded file was live're handedo so that the need to write
It's possible
Let's go check this one out.
The value is something like 1
If you do, it will change like this, of course .
Being
Now go to MyCarrier.
You can go inside the player .
0 points to the top again, but the writer will now My Player Basic
Yeoseo play 0.5 geureongeo
Now if you change this, the game will be applied now
I 'll check to see if it really is .
Then just go to the next boundary in the game
By doing
Ding good 5 estuary
5 57 It's Seo-yeop It's a dream bloom.
Yes, besides 9
Yes. Think about it for a minute before you jump on the jumper. You have to change it now.
You have to change this with the game.
You know, now that you change her,
That is, it continues to apply
Anyway, go into the game and turn it off.
I am now confirmed , I changed the success rate of 100% to 1,
Success 100% of the bar , even if the defender in the three of my dreams, even if the unconditional
Enter
And computer 4
We will attack
So what has not entered the Horseshoe Pass is also something
Pass eel smartly converges into bread and once it enters, it is like this
It's enough to check this place.
I'll ask for my pass and ask for it in front of you.
Take the Beth and check it on the 3-point line.
Just stand in tejo station
We will enter the throw here unconditionally.
There is a defense team or a double team from any clinic.
Sseulkkeyo this lot because my mom can not even get into
I'm not checking it.
Yes , it is.
I can leave it. I will not go unconditionally.
With fescue
Do not test it here where it's three points on the island thus 3
Not applicable
You know , stand at 30 million won for a check.
By
Enter the ground tteon
This is Gangwon.
I will make it
Job Fair party path like this'll look to enter dwaetdago
Do you have a well-written third consecutive three-point
Throw
For you as unconditionally
I've checked this in so much, and what's going on with you?
Yes
This is the number 4
Iteunikka people give up something good Guests domestic ve gugeulring on site
If you do a half out
That's what I 'm going to do.
Change here.
Can you please just shut down in the Save and Exit and Yes also important that you just saved
The
Just be sure to adjust because I now stored automatically save
Go into the game and change the numbers.
Just come out and save it.
I'll do it here.